The course which I've taken is Data Analysis with pandas in Udemy's  best seller list. 
I've tried to upload all the solutions which i coded side by side when the course is going on.


Description
Student Testimonials:

The instructor knows the material, and has detailed explanation on every topic he discusses. Has clarity too, and warns students of potential pitfalls. He has a very logical explanation, and it is easy to follow him. I highly recommend this class, and would look into taking a new class from him. - Diana

This is excellent, and I cannot complement the instructor enough. Extremely clear, relevant, and high quality - with helpful practical tips and advice. Would recommend this to anyone wanting to learn pandas. Lessons are well constructed. I'm actually surprised at how well done this is. I don't give many 5 stars, but this has earned it so far. - Michael

This course is very thorough, clear, and well thought out. This is the best Udemy course I have taken thus far. (This is my third course.) The instruction is excellent! - James

Welcome to the most comprehensive Pandas course available on Udemy! An excellent choice for both beginners and experts looking to expand their knowledge on one of the most popular Python libraries in the world!

Data Analysis with Pandas and Python offers 19+ hours of in-depth video tutorials on the most powerful data analysis toolkit available today. Lessons include:

installing
sorting
filtering
grouping
aggregating
de-duplicating
pivoting
munging
deleting
merging
visualizing
and more!

Why learn pandas?

If you've spent time in a spreadsheet software like Microsoft Excel, Apple Numbers, or Google Sheets and are eager to take your data analysis skills to the next level, this course is for you! 


Data Analysis with Pandas and Python introduces you to the popular Pandas library built on top of the Python programming language. 

Pandas is a powerhouse tool that allows you to do anything and everything with colossal data sets -- analyzing, organizing, sorting, filtering, pivoting, aggregating, munging, cleaning, calculating, and more! 

I call it "Excel on steroids"!

Over the course of more than 19 hours, I'll take you step-by-step through Pandas, from installation to visualization! We'll cover hundreds of different methods, attributes, features, and functionalities packed away inside this awesome library. We'll dive into tons of different datasets, short and long, broken and pristine, to demonstrate the incredible versatility and efficiency of this package.

Data Analysis with Pandas and Python is bundled with dozens of datasets for you to use. Dive right in and follow along with my lessons to see how easy it is to get started with pandas!

Whether you're a new data analyst or have spent years (*cough* too long *cough*) in Excel, Data Analysis with pandas and Python offers you an incredible introduction to one of the most powerful data toolkits available today!

What you’ll learn
Perform a multitude of data operations in Python's popular "pandas" library including grouping, pivoting, joining and more!
Learn hundreds of methods and attributes across numerous pandas objects
Possess a strong understanding of manipulating 1D, 2D, and 3D data sets
Resolve common issues in broken or incomplete data sets
Are there any course requirements or prerequisites?
Basic / intermediate experience with Microsoft Excel or another spreadsheet software (common functions, vlookups, Pivot Tables etc)
Basic experience with the Python programming language
Strong knowledge of data types (strings, integers, floating points, booleans) etc
Who this course is for:
Data analysts and business analysts
Excel users looking to learn a more powerful software for data analysis



Instructor :

Boris Paskhaver
Software Engineer

Hi there! I'm a New York City-based software engineer with experience building apps with React / Redux, Angular, and Ruby on Rails!

Like many of my peers, I did not follow a conventional approach to my current role as a web developer. After graduating from New York University in 2013 with a degree in Business Economics and Marketing, I worked as a business analyst, systems administrator, and data analyst for a variety of companies including a digital marketing agency, a financial services firm, and an international tech powerhouse. At one of those roles, I was fortunate enough to be challenged to build several projects with Python and JavaScript. 

There was no formal computer science education for me; I discovered coding entirely by accident! A small work interest quickly blossomed into a passionate weekend hobby. In early 2017, I left my former role to attend App Academy, a rigorous full-stack web development bootcamp in NYC. The rest is history!

I've always been fascinated by the intersection of technology and education, especially since I've struggled with many of the traditional resources people use to learn how to program. My goal as an instructor is to create comprehensive step-by-step courses that break down the complex details into small, digestible pieces. I like to build the kind of material that I myself would have loved to have when I was starting out.

I'm passionate about teaching and would love to help you discover what code can do for you. I hope to see you in a course soon!



By the numbers
Skill level: All Levels
Students: 94474
Languages: English
Captions: Yes
Lectures: 174
Video: 19 hours
